Validation: description-missing fixes. (#237)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/modules/directions-module/index.md

---
title: "Directions Module | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Describes the Directions module, which calculates directions, and provides API reference documentation and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the Directions Module section contains a description of the Microsoft.Maps.Directions API, which contains types that allow you to calculate route directions and display them on your Bing Maps V8 Control, and provides links to API reference articles and code examples.
```
